Somebody get my hand out of here
How could Feng Shao be waiting for you? What else do you have to say?
If I'm not wrong
There should be overseas VIPs present today, right?
Of course!
Honshuai's name shocked Kyushu
Overseas Zhuge all surrender
There are indeed many overseas VIPs today
Come and send a congratulatory gift to Ben Shuai
As far as I know
Among these overseas VIPs
Someone has seen Long Shuai in real life
Do you dare to wait for them to come and gamble face to face?
distinguish between true and false
Why not?
If Ben Shuai proves his identity
If you are really handsome
I'm at your disposal
I was waiting for your words
If Ben Shuai proves his identity
Then you
You marry that lady like a flower
Hey, there.
I promise you, but if you are not Long Shuai
I want you to be yourself.
Birth brother no
No problem, don't worry.
Foreign VIPs
Chu Chen overseas VIPs are here
Your true colors are about to be revealed